tutorials/README.md, before:

# Tutorials

- Linear Regression - curve fitting (Python) <[Notebook][part1_notebook]> <[Colab][part1_colab]>
- Linear Regression - cross validation (Python) <[Notebook][part2_notebook]> <[Colab][part2_colab]>
- Linear Regression - curve fitting (TensorFlow) <[Notebook][part3_notebook]> <[Colab][part3_colab]>
- Convolutional Neural Network - image segmentation (TensorFlow) <[Notebook][part4_notebook]> <[Colab][part4_colab]>

All the tutorials run directly on Google Colab (by clicking the links above). Or, upload the ipynb files to [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com). 

Running on Jupyter notebook requires TensorFlow to be [installed locally][tf_install]. [Anaconda][conda_install] is another option that also requires albeit easier [TensorFlow installation][tf_conda]. 

Lastly, test files, such as [**test4.py**](./test4.py), have working copies of the code.

Performance varies.


[part1_notebook]: https://github.com/YipengHu/ipmi/blob/dev/tutorials/01-CurveFitting.ipynb
[part1_colab]: https://colab.research.google.com/github/YipengHu/ipmi/blob/dev/tutorials/01-CurveFitting.ipynb

[part2_notebook]: https://github.com/YipengHu/ipmi/blob/dev/tutorials/02-CrossValidation.ipynb
[part2_colab]: https://colab.research.google.com/github/YipengHu/ipmi/blob/dev/tutorials/02-CrossValidation.ipynb

[part3_notebook]: https://github.com/YipengHu/ipmi/blob/dev/tutorials/03-CurveFitting-TensorFlow.ipynb
[part3_colab]: https://colab.research.google.com/github/YipengHu/ipmi/blob/dev/tutorials/03-CurveFitting-TensorFlow.ipynb

[part4_notebook]: https://github.com/YipengHu/ipmi/blob/dev/tutorials/04-ImageSegmentation-TensorFlow.ipynb
[part4_colab]: https://colab.research.google.com/github/YipengHu/ipmi/blob/dev/tutorials/04-ImageSegmentation-TensorFlow.ipynb

[tf_install]: https://www.tensorflow.org/install/
[conda_install]: https://www.anaconda.com/download/
[tf_conda]: https://www.anaconda.com/blog/developer-blog/tensorflow-in-anaconda/

Commit message:

ref #1 minor change to colab runtime instruction

tutorials/README.md, after:

# Tutorials

- Linear Regression - curve fitting (Python) <[Notebook][part1_notebook]> <[Colab][part1_colab]>
- Linear Regression - cross validation (Python) <[Notebook][part2_notebook]> <[Colab][part2_colab]>
- Linear Regression - curve fitting (TensorFlow) <[Notebook][part3_notebook]> <[Colab][part3_colab]>
- Convolutional Neural Network - image segmentation (TensorFlow) <[Notebook][part4_notebook]> <[Colab][part4_colab]>

All the tutorials run directly on Google Colab (by clicking the links above). Get started with [Runtime] -> [Run all]. Alternatively, download the ipynb files, then upload them to [Colab](https://colab.research.google.com). 

Running on Jupyter notebook requires TensorFlow to be [installed locally][tf_install]. [Anaconda][conda_install] is another option that also requires albeit easier [TensorFlow installation][tf_conda]. 

Lastly, test files, such as [*test4.py*](./test4.py), have working copies of the code.

Performance varies.


[part1_notebook]: https://github.com/YipengHu/ipmi/blob/dev/tutorials/01-CurveFitting.ipynb
[part1_colab]: https://colab.research.google.com/github/YipengHu/ipmi/blob/dev/tutorials/01-CurveFitting.ipynb

[part2_notebook]: https://github.com/YipengHu/ipmi/blob/dev/tutorials/02-CrossValidation.ipynb
[part2_colab]: https://colab.research.google.com/github/YipengHu/ipmi/blob/dev/tutorials/02-CrossValidation.ipynb

[part3_notebook]: https://github.com/YipengHu/ipmi/blob/dev/tutorials/03-CurveFitting-TensorFlow.ipynb
[part3_colab]: https://colab.research.google.com/github/YipengHu/ipmi/blob/dev/tutorials/03-CurveFitting-TensorFlow.ipynb

[part4_notebook]: https://github.com/YipengHu/ipmi/blob/dev/tutorials/04-ImageSegmentation-TensorFlow.ipynb
[part4_colab]: https://colab.research.google.com/github/YipengHu/ipmi/blob/dev/tutorials/04-ImageSegmentation-TensorFlow.ipynb

[tf_install]: https://www.tensorflow.org/install/
[conda_install]: https://www.anaconda.com/download/
[tf_conda]: https://www.anaconda.com/blog/developer-blog/tensorflow-in-anaconda/
